Who did you listen to?
Mom?
No one will call their father a little father
Di
Is that the father outside?
I see you have a good relationship
Now that the child has a fetal heart, it's a pity to knock it off.
Let's start, then I'll start giving you anesthesia
So here we go.
I don't do it anymore
I'm going to give birth to this child
Mom, don't be sad.
The little brother is very happy to have his mother by his side
Xiaojie's mother promises you
As long as you take good care of yourself
I will definitely take you to see Dad, okay?
OK
Come on vacation and drink water
Hey, chong chong chong
Hahaha, hit the wall, hit the wall.
Back me up, back up, back up.
If only Uncle Zhou was Xiao Di's father